South Africa's ambassador to the
Netherlands like all South Africans of
his generation grew up under a parate he
knows how it works we as South Africans
sense see hear and feel to our core the
inhumane discriminatory policies and
practices of the Israeli regime as an
even more extreme form of the appetite
that was institutionalized against black
people in my country be SE the South
African is one of 49 states arguing at
the world court that Israel's occupation
of the Palestinian territories is
illegal only the United States and Fiji
will later argue that it isn't Saudi
Arabia which before October the 7th
looks set to establish diplomatic
relations with Israel highlighted what
it says is Israel's intensifying
colonization of the West Bank at the
senior levels of the Israeli
governments calls are openly made to for
transfer or ethnically cleanse
Palestinians out of their Homeland
expand settlements even further and ex
further areas of the West Bank and at
all costs to reject the notion of
establishing a Palestinian States along
the lines of the two- State Solutions
these hearings have been planned for
more than a year they've attracted new
Focus because of the Bloodshed in Gaza
and the separate genocide case against
Israel that this court is considering a
spread running through the submissions
is a focus on Israel's encouragement and
expansion of settlements the Toleration
of settler violence and AP partid likee
restrictions on Palestinians in the West
Bank and East Jerusalem that's all
illegal under international law and it's
why it's being argued here that Israel's
occupation should be declared
illegal Bernard Smith Al jazer the
hake make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer